Hello this I'm Destin
Welcome again in "Smarter Every Day"
Most people know it to go to the ISS
First you have to board the Russian Soyuz
You tighten your belts
It departs from Baikonur Base
And is heading directly up towards the International Space Station
You open the gate, and then greet your astronaut friends, right?
But there are plenty of additional details if you think about it
There is actually a physics and mechanics science orbit
Which must be studied and tested on the ground before departure
So, today in the "smartest every day", we will talk about rocket science
I promise that it is not difficult
American astronaut Scott Kelly
And Russian Mikhail Mikarniko
Is about to travel to the International Space Station
For a full year
That is a great event
But before talking about the mechanics of orbit
Think about this
Roda space are human beings
Like me and you
What would you think if you were restricted?
In that rocket, knowing that you are about to leave the hot tubs for a whole year
How good it would be to get into the Russian missile
You get a regular conversation from person to person
With someone about to do it all
Although its scheduled launch time is getting closer and closer
And his time on earth becomes more precious and precious
Scott Kelly was very generous to give us part of his time
And spend it with our team in the Soyuz spacecraft to tell us what it will do
This is astronaut Scott Kelly
- Hello
- Scott is about to do something that no American has done beforehand
He will ride one of these vehicles
A Soyuz spacecraft
And lead it to the International Space Station, how long?
- I'll stay there for about a year.
We will launch in March of 2015, next March this year
I will be back in March next year
I mean I'll stay around the year
- Well, there is an integrated system of different scientific experiments
Which will be conducted because of it
The main goal is to prepare for the Mars trip, which will take a long time, right?
- Yes that's right. NASA's remote goal is to put people on Mars one day
Well, there will be a lot to learn
Some relate to the effects of the space environment on the human body when exposed to it for a long time
Specifically develop bone loss, muscle atrophy
Effects of cosmic radiation on genes
We looked at, got vision problems for astronauts during long-term flights
Our immune system, the device of balance in the ear .. means, those sections of the human body
There is also the hardware section
Learn to travel a long journey away from Earth,
Is a real challenge to how we design our life systems.
How to produce oxygen and water
And all that is like it, the electricity ... that keeps us alive
In space for a long period of time
- It is camping for a true year?
- Yes, this trip will be like camping for the year
But even though you are in space, you are 250 miles away from Earth
Although you're moving at 17,500 miles per hour
But you are still in a place where supplies can be supplied continuously
But when you go to Mars, that's not possible
- Will you simulate this scenario
Would you, for example, change your underwear less frequently or anything else like that (Laughter)
- (Laughter), uh ... I did not plan for that
- (Laughter) These are important things that we should know
- Yeah yeah .. But are we simulating anything about ..
We will do many experiments on living in space for long periods of time
For a specific simulation, I will personally try to imagine
Well, it's six months, maybe we're on the outskirts of Mars
And then I will spend a year on its surface, so it will take me ..
- because it's something different for you compared to other astronauts
It is clear that your brother Mark will remain on the ground
As you learn it collects all the data while you are doing so in space
But for you, you've scanned the time periods you spent in space
If we draw a diagram of it you gradually evaluate for longer and longer periods
So if we imagine what will happen to him
It will lead to a parallel length of flight of Mars
- Yes that's right
I mentioned this in a public affairs activity
How my first trip took 8 days
The second lasted 13 days
The third took 159 days
The fourth will take a year
If you try to draw a curve, we'll get a second-rate exponential curve
If I could travel for the fifth time,
"That will put you on Mars, will not it?"
- will give me 5 years, over 5 years in space, so I can easily go to Mars
- This is amazing!
- Which means maybe, I will not travel to space again, right?
- No, I saw it when you posted it on Twitter
When you actually fly
Will be under the influence of great acceleration
So how can you press those buttons, for example?
- Who sits in this seat can reach.
Those who sit in the middle use a stick to press the buttons
- Well, he sticks the buttons with a stick
- Yes, it is a luxury stick but stick in the end
I can control some of his valves here
I can get them out better than him
- Well you practically control the spacecraft from here to connect it to the international station
- Yes, the Soyuz vehicle leader can do so, the Soyuz is generally automatic docking and coupling
But sometimes you have to change the system to manual mode to manually control the connection process, and control it from here
- Well, that's really amazing
However, we still do not know how the Soyuz spacecraft gets there
To get to know this, let's talk to Reid Weisman
His recent space mission has set a record for the largest number of scientific research carried out
In one week in orbit around Earth
I did this recently!
- Yes, I did
- OK
- I did this on May 29,
- Is it amazing?
- Oh of course amazing
- Well, what happens the moment you arrive in space?
Well, people know the rocket
People know the International Space Station
But people do not know what happens between them
- There is little going on between that.
- OK
- The journey from Earth to Space takes 9 minutes and a half
This is done using a very powerful missile
All people see it, filled with fuel
Lots of flame, and go up
At the end of that phase, you're driving at 17,000 mph
- OK
- Well, from there, you have to meet the International Space Station
You're going a little faster
- That's what I want to talk about
- Let's talk about him.
- Well, I think as many people do, that the rocket is gradually taking you to the space station
In this ring orbit, but this is not what ever happens
- Do you know what to think?
- What?
- I have always thought that the rocket was launched vertically and directly towards the space station
- yes I understand you
- I never thought he was following a path
- What is the moment you feel
"Oh my God!" I am in space
When does that happen?
- That moment is very clear
It is exactly at the separation of the third missile layer
After 9 minutes and a half
And then after a trip (by your acceleration, there is no engine)
The accelerator falls away
And you feel that you really float
Because you are still in your seat
Stark layers will put you in high security
Outside the Earth's airspace
The missile will not fall down
There will be no great drag on it
So he will stay there
From that stage we will have a series of fires,
With a Soyuz vehicle, we carry 7 naphtha
The first two to do the homan transition to the top orbit
- Well, understand. Let's explain it.
Homan transmission, make sure I explain correctly
Homan transmission is when you are in circular orbit
You want to move to a larger or smaller country
You draw a minus between the orbits, is that true?
- That's true. You will fire in one direction
After 45 minutes for us, you will have another
Because you will be on the other side of the planet
They are just under 45 minutes
- Your understanding, okay
- But then and accurately
It will make you move from one orbit to another
Larger or smaller
- I understand, two jets to carry the Hooman transition, gorgeous!
Then the second maneuver
It is a little sly
We do not know exactly where we put the accelerator
Let us know exactly where we will enter orbit
It could be slightly higher or slightly lower
We move a little faster or a little slower
- Why? Is it because of the difference between rockets? - Each missile is different from the other, even if it is simple
These two blasts will correct propagation errors (positioning)
We are now, as we call it, in the space station phase
And we will remain in the orbit of this phase until the international station is located in the appropriate place to be
- Well, understand. If you're closer to the ground you're spinning around faster, right?
- That's true.
- Well how long does it take you? The International Station takes 90 minutes to complete the Earth Cycle
- Once every 90 minutes
When it is just below 86 minutes
You are a little faster
- Well, that's the goal of the orbit of the phase
- Catch up with the international station
- Well understand, this is the right time
- This is the right time
- Now we have made 4 blasts
- OK
- but now
- Well, we moved Humans
- We moved Humans to enlarge our orbit
We made two more blasts to correct any displacement due to altitude
- Now we are round the perfect stage
- Perfectly positioned, in a perfect circular orbit where we want to be
Now we wait
When the space station is in the right place
We'll be moving another homan, two nests
And will put us in front of the international station
We will wait
And when we get completely in front of the space station
We turn the vehicle back and make a third
To put us perfectly in front of the international station
- Thus, you perform a U-turn (180 ° rotation)
- Yes we rotate U character
You see it
You see the earth is passing by you
And you are going back
Push the brakes slightly
It turns the spacecraft in the opposite direction
Towards the space station
You are directly in front of the International Space Station
We wait a little and then we go
Very slowly, approaches, and we fly like any normal plane
We continue to link
- Fine, well move on the axes X, Y, Z and spin around
- Completely
- This is great, how long it takes to connect (docking)
- Takes about half an hour
Of the time you are conducting the approach operations
We will approach very slowly very, and it takes half an hour to complete the binding process fully
- Well it is
- You can do it faster but when you have two heavy metal bodies moving at 17,500 mph
Make sure that they are in touch nicely
- Let's sum it up
Take-off places you in the input orbit and then moves to a higher orbit
You make some corrections to put you in the orbit of the ideal phase
Where they are attached to the space station
Because you are orbiting the earth faster
Enjoy your time waiting for the right moment
And then you will have two more explosions to put you in front of the International Space Station
A heart to the track and a brake pad, to be ready to connect to the space station
You now understand some of rocket science
(Music) (translated by Hayyan Daud @ hyyanato)
In fact, my goal from this video is to double the number of astronauts Scott Kelly on Ingrid
Sending a lot of people to his Twitter account
Is a live scientific experiment on the International Space Station
So please check its accounts
I will put the links in the video explanation
I would be very grateful
I'm Destiny, and you're smarter every day
have a good day
Well, we are now in the International Space Station
Is here you link
- Yes, this is the Russian section of the International Space Station, there is a more accurate model in Russia
But there is a component located here at the top of the space station
Called MRM2, a Soyuz vehicle in which I will be traveling will be linked to it
Other Soyuz compounds will be linked to other parts of the Russian section
- Thank you very much Sir, I am grateful for your time
- Absolutely
- Your day, goodbye